hi i'm jeremy soule from Island Creek
oyster bar today we're gonna talk about
one of my favorite fish cod there's two
kinds of cod that are generally
available one is Pacific cod which has a
similar appearance to Atlantic cod
Pacific cod is caught mostly in Alaska
now it's one of the largest commercial
catches available in Alaska Atlantic cod
is a fish that's identified with New
England and ranges from Greenland down
in North Carolina
they look similar and that's how the
Pacific cod got his name cod because of
similary and appearance but they are not
the same fish Atlantic cod is a little
more prized has a beautiful silky
texture a larger flake Pacific cod is a
little firmer texture and a little
different color if you're buying real
cod you want to make sure that you're
buying Cod from the Northeast and now
we're going to make fish and chips with
Atlantic cod
first thing we're gonna do is we're
gonna take our Cod that we already have
cut we're gonna soak that in buttermilk
gonna add a little bit it's basket to
the buttermilk I won't make it spicy but
it adds a nice flavor mix that around
and then just go ahead and set your Cod
right in the buttermilk we're gonna let
that soak for about an hour
so our constant soaking for about an
hour we're gonna get our flour ready by
seasoning it up we're gonna add a little
bit of cayenne paprika and dry mustard
stir that in we're gonna dredge our Cod
right in the flour and put it in the
fryer 1 wait sure it's coated all over
but then we're gonna shake off any
excess
right in the fryer
our Cod been frying for a few minutes I
think it's ready yeah it looks great
nice and golden-brown you want to give
it a few minutes to get nice and crispy
we're gonna remove it to a paper towel
put some the oil drain off
it's on the paper trail we're gonna see
some rule salt and pepper
go right on top of our crispy fries
we're gonna garnish with a little bit of
lemon wedge
and there we have it Atlantic cod fish
and chips